These patches require the Auzzie Max package, v1.0.7 or later.

There should be at least two players per part (A, B, C, D patches).

Cues are given manually by conductor. (No network required.) Cues
consist of cue numbers (hold up fingers), signals to bring in
certain players, and gestures to control dynamics and energy level.
It's best if the conductor develops her own signals and gestures
for all these things.

The continuity of the piece is loose and improvisatory. Here is
a sketch of the narrative, with cue numbers in brackets, and very
approximate timings to the left.

0:00 [1] Patch A players slowly build up a texture of gentle, noisy
         sound. Begin with noise, and increasingly incorporate more
         pitch, using the trackpad X axis.

1:00     Bring in Patch B players to contribute brief sparkly gestures.
         (Imagine a clear night sky when cold weather is moving in.)

1:30     Bring in one Patch C player who is designated to play the
         "drum" sequencer. Only this person should turn on the sequencer.
         Other Patch C players should play drums manually to fit with
         the timing put across by the first player. Let the first
         player fade in their drum pattern (using the master fader)
         before allowing others to contribute. The drums should come
         from nothing and be very low key in the opening cue. Drummers
         should experiment with their pitches to get a sound they like.
         This is highly dependent on the speakers used.

2:30 [2] Let everyone begin a crescendo that reaches a more dense,
         climactic point, with a brighter, slightly more aggressive,
         less relaxed sound.

3:00 [3] A and B players fade out slowly, leaving C drums to pull back
         to a softer steady state. Really start to groove now, but in
         a contained way. Wait until other parts motivate your increase
         in volume and energy. When they do, react to it to push
         everyone forward..

3:30 [4] Let B players contribute short aggressive gestures. These will
         sound like an angry horse, or someone trying (and failing) to
         start up a gas lawn mower.

4:00     Patch D players, tacet until now, should play short blips.
         Trade off between players, and leave space for the horses.

4:20     D players gradually play longer phrases and develop a synth
         battle between themselves.  This should have a free-jazz feel.

4:30     A players play blips and develop in the manner of the D players.
         (A and D players have the same sounds and interface.)
         A and D players should become more intertwined and taut.

4:45     Everybody should be increasing in intensity, including drums.

5:00     Come to a sudden stop, prepared and cued by conductor.

